Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Life's pretty
simple, you know.
It's long periods of waiting
broken up by brief
moments of change.
That's it. That's all it is.
You see, here's my theory.
The moments of change?
They're what give
your life its shape,
its form.
But it only takes one
of them to define you
and that'll be the only
thing you're remembered for,
and you know it.
In the instant
it happens,
you sense it,
and the world
is changed forever.
You are forever changed.
All right kids.
See you later,
all right?
I love you.
I love you
too, daddy.
Kiss. See
you later.
Love you, all right.
Bye, daddy.
All right?
See you later.
Bye.
All right mate,
look, I'm loading!
Look, I'm loading.
Morning! Big fan,
Mr. Harris!
I don't
believe in no fate.
No Karma,
no coincidences,
no conspiracy theories or
any of that other bullshit.
Shit just happens.
And life?
That's just the
shit that happens
while you're wishing you were
someone or somewhere else.
Who were you chatting to?
No one, I was
just on the phone.
What are you
doing out there?
You ain't smoking
again, are you?
No, come on, mom. You
know I'm off that now.
It just gets a bit
stuffy in my room.
Getting a bit
of fresh air.
Ain't you forgetting
something?
Head's up me ass today.
Here, I've even given
them a clean and all.
Thanks, darling,
i don't know what
I'd do without you.
Don't know why you wear
your boots anyway.
You only shout and
moan on the sides.
What? I'm teaching them
the beautiful game.
Anyway, I need my boots today
so I can run up and down
handing out your
sponsorship forms
to them dads who are
going to give you
loads of money
for your charity.
Look, never mind them.
Just check if ravi's
heard any news.
Yeah, I will. I will.
Leave it with me.
Bye, darling.
Morning, gents!
How are we all?
You all right?
How you doing, hal?
Pretty good, mate. You?
Good. Good to see ya.
How are ya?
Right, I've got
a very, very
important announcement
from the missus.
She's doing a fun run
for, uh, disabled kids.
The fun part is going
to be watching her
and her lumpy parts run around
battersea for an hour.
But...
Could you, uh, do
what you can for her?
Okay.
Yeah? Thanks very
much, guys.
Cheers. Cheers.
All right, ravi?
Any news, mate?
Don't worry. All the
references are sorted.
Right.
Exciting times, huh?
That's fantastic.
Thank you, mate.
Thank you so much.
Not a problem, mate.
Yeah, she's going
to be well chuffed.
It means a lot to us.
Thank you, rav.
Right, lads!
Over here, please!
Are you okay?
Yeah. Why?
You just seem a
little bit distracted.
I'm okay.
I just wish I didn't
have to sneak around,
be so secretive.
He's the one that was
screwing the nanny.
I'm sorry.
I didn't...
It's all right.
I just...
I don't really need
you to remind me.
Sorry, excuse me.
I'm just gonna...
So...
I found this
the other day.
Oh, my god.
Do you
remember that night?
That's the first
night I met you.
Yes, it was.
It was.
And you haven't
changed a bit.
Yeah, right.
Shame it's 10 years
and two kids later.
Well, have you thought
about getting back into it?
Acting?
Mmm-hmm.
No.
Why not?
I wouldn't know
how to go about it.
There's got to be someone
that you can call,
point you in the
right direction.
I can take some new
headshots for you,
get a couple of,
like, really moody,
10x8s,
really actory ones.
Hey. Kids
get off okay?
Yes, all good.
Evie took ages
to get off, though.
Oh, I'll go and
check on her.
Listen, Emily...
Uh, you're supposed
to call first.
I did, but you were
obviously busy, so...
What do you want?
Well, a signed
shirt from the loft
and kiss our children,
is that all right?
Off you go then.
Your audience awaits.
Don't you fancy it?
No.
Goodbye, Max.
Good evening again,
ladies and gents.
A bit of quiet please,
because it's time to meet
the man of the moment.
Please welcome to
the stage our host,
former england rugby
captain, a true hero,
and our very own gladiator,
Maximus Moore.
Thank you, Dan.
Thank you,
ladies and gentlemen.
As my grandmother
once said,
"it's always good to have
a warm hand on your opening."
Um, in
all seriousness,
thank you so much for
supporting our foundation.
You know, our aim is to
raise even more money
and encourage those less
fortunate than ourselves
to play rugby
and perhaps learn
the disciplines of
working on a team.
So, uh, sit back
and we'll run the vt
of some of our fantastic work
that we've been doing. Cheers.
Say cheese.
Cheese!
Nice one.
Thanks, girls.
Thank you.
Oh, yeah.
See ya.
Later.
Bye, Max.
See ya.
Yeah.
Are you sure?
Mate, I ain't getting
any at home, am I?
You think she's still seeing
that photographer bloke?
Cunt.
So, what're you gonna do?
Well, I'll see
how she likes it
when her credit card
gets stopped, yeah?
Seriously?
Yeah, mate.
Listen, call your mate and
get him to grab some gear.
Oh, yeah.
And I'll sort
those two out.
Sorry, I don't
think that picture
came out really well.
It's dead in here, b.
Fam, this action's shit!
Hey, yo,
let's go hit vip.
What? Do you think
we can get in?
Watch. Let me deal
with this, you know?
Yeah.
Come.
Say no more.
Walk on.
You got a stamp?
Hey, look, yeah?
I don't think so.
This ain't for your
type, little man.
Wh... we've been invited,
mate. We're on a table.
Trust me.
I don't think so.
And you stink of weed.
So, you need to
leave the club now.
Hey, come on, brother.
Where's your empathy?
I don't know you,
and you ain't my brother.
So step aside...
Yeah, we don't wanna
fucking know you!
Mandingo fucking prick!
Fucking dickhead!
Fuck you, man!
Idiots!
Fucking wanker!
Shit!
Come here!
Get the fuck off me, man!
Get the fuck off
him!
Hey! Leave him!
Leave him the fuck alone!
Get the fuck off me.
Get off me!
Look what the
cat's dragged in, eh?
What've you done
to your face?
Mom, mom, it's nothing.
Just slipped.
Had a couple
of drinks n' that.
Who was you with?
My boy Sean, innit?
Well, that boy's
got brains.
I bet he didn't get himself
into such a condition.
That's going to look
great in job interviews.
Mom, it's fine.
Trust me.
Just make sure you get
Amelia to church on time.
What do you say, shorty.
You ready, yeah?
You smell.
"Immediate return
to court order..."
Hey! That's none
of your business.
You going back
to prison?
What?
No. Of course not.
Look, I'll just take a
pregnant white chick to court
and they'll give me
community service.
Hey.
I ain't ever going
back there, you know?
I promise you.
Now, come on.
Let's go before we both
get in trouble, yeah?
"Upon such sacrifices,
my cordelia..."
"The gods themselves
throw incense."
Must be, what, um,
four years since we
did lear together?
Eight years ago.
Oh!
That's the price you pay
for those thunderous thighs
and the glamorous
life of a wag.
How is, uh,
Mr. neanderthal?
Being a royal pain.
Yes, that's why
you're here, I suppose?
You miss me.
You've finally
succumbed to my...
My, uh, mature charm.
Mmm, something like that.
It's not easy with
a family, I'm sure,
but we make our choices.
Yeah, but it'll be good
for me to be working again.
For everyone, you know?
Keep me off the happy
pills.
We're all the
same, you know.
Without our passion,
it's very hard for
us to find our place
in the world.
That aimed at
him or me?
Now, I'm delighted
i can help.
I always hoped
you'd be back.
Consider it done.
Don't worry about it.
It'll be all right.
Fingers crossed, eh?
Otherwise it'll be more
than a fucking broomstick
she shoves up me.
I'm really sorry, madam,
but the system's saying,
"card declined."
Leo, give me my
phone. Give me...
Sorry. Thanks.
For fuck's sake, Max,
i couldn't even get a present
for the kid's
birthday party.
You said you'd
set up the account.
transferred my allowance!
Stop trying to control me!
Hold my hand, Leo.
Hi. Come in.
How are you?
Not too bad. Yourself?
Very well.
Good, good.
I know you've both
done good work
in the preparation
group classes
and it's been a
long six months,
but we're nearly
there now.
I don't know why
you don't just
make us wait
the full nine like the
real thing.
Our assessment's
all but done,
and Dr. ravi buttar's
reference was first-class.
He really respects
you, George.
Oh!
I should play his son
up-front every week.
One minor issue has reared
its ugly head, though,
I'm afraid, guys.
A couple of arrests
in your teens, George.
Football hooliganism?
You assured us
of full disclosure.
That was years ago.
I mean, I was only a kid.
Youthful exuberance,
i think they called it.
Common assault and
disturbing the peace
can be seen by some as more
than a misspent youth, George.
No, I mean, literally,
it was 30 years ago.
West ham ain't won
a trophy since.
I think what my better
half is trying to say
is that having played up
a bit in his teens,
he will be
experienced enough
to make sure that
our kid knows
the pitfalls of hanging
out with wrong 'uns.
Yeah, and I've met
plenty of wrong 'uns.
To be honest,
we're both so nervous
today, and, um...
All we want is what
everyone else has
and to give all the
love we have to a baby
who deserves and needs it.
We just want to be
given a chance.
That's all.
Kathy.
Kath!
Hi, Jake.
Yeah, yeah.
Actually, um, I thought about
what you said the other day
and, um, guess
who I had lunch
with today?
Um, my actor friend,
Terence Harris.
No, no, not like that.
- But he did say that...
- Daddy's here!
- My kids are here!
- Daddy! Daddy!
Can I call you back?
Um, I'll tell you later.
In about an
hour? Yeah.
Da-da-da-da
da-da-da-da-da!
Mommy, look what
daddy bought us!
Wow, that's great!
Why don't you
open them outside?
Because mommy needs to
talk to daddy in private.
Well, that makes a change.
Go on, I'll be in there
in a second, all right?
Okay, okay.
You might be able to
manipulate your groupies
and your so-called mates,
and even your own kids,
but not me, Max,
not since you shat
on your own doorstep.
What is going on,
that's why I gave you
your own space...
Look, I haven't finished!
How dare you
humiliate me like that
in front of my own kids?
Like what? What are
you talking about?
Like what? Is this
about the money?
Of course it's
about the money.
All right, okay,
fine, you know,
I lost my credit
card, okay?
And they put
a block on it.
And I realized that you
might come up short,
so I went to the bank
and got you some cash.
Here you go.
That's why
i came round today,
to make sure you and
the kids were okay.
Um...
Em, come on,
you didn't think i
would just, like,
leave you hanging,
did ya?
You did, didn't ya?
Right, you lot!
Where are you?
What you doing here,
hiding?
You know what my
life's about right now?
It's all about the blocks,
dirty great towers
that have stood firm
for two generations,
full of initiated kids who'll
be dead before they grow old.
Grim towers and
hopeless kids.
"For the first 10 days
they sailed on beautifully
"and found plenty to eat,
as there was lots of fish.
"And they had only to take
them out of the sea
"with a long spoon when
the quangle wangle..."
What's a quangle wangle?
God, I miss putting
those kids to bed.
And sleeping next
to you, of course.
We gonna go to the
Chelsea ball next week?
No.
Come on...
Do you actually ever stop
to think about why I hate
those events?
They worship you and...
Don't even notice me.
Well, it is those events
that pay the bills.
Oh, this is new.
Look at you, man.
What's this about?
Oh, that must have been
the cleaner, I think.
We've been having
a bit of sort out.
It wasn't on purpose.
Ems...
I made a mistake.
You made more than one.
I know I did. I know.
And I'm truly sorry
about it. Okay?
But how long do we have
to keep on going like this?
It's killing me...
It's not a game.
And I'm sure you are
sorry, but I'm not ready.
I need more time.
It's not all about you.
As long as the credit cards
work, though, right?
It's about our kids.
And I'm gonna be working soon.
So, I'll have my own money.
I didn't mean that,
like... oh...
I'm sorry about that.
I don't mean that.
Ems, look, I...
I stopped playing.
I lost my parents.
And I'm really
turned round.
All I really had left was
you and my kids, okay?
And I miss you.
Ems, I'm sorry.
I just want you back.
Ta.
Here, sweetheart.
Cheers, George.
Thank you. Cheers.
Now, the moment you've
all been waiting for.
Ladies and gentlemen,
will you please welcome
battersea's favorite
singing cabbie, George!
Go on, George!
Good evening, Wembley!
You all right?
I think you should go.
It was a mistake.
You've got what you came for,
and my money's on the counter.
Oh, stop it. Come on.
Let's just talk.
If we could talk,
we wouldn't be
where we are now.
You just treat everything like
it's a match you can't lose.
Please... please,
Max, will you go?
A mistake?
Darling? Cup of
tea for you there.
Good luck
today, all right?
I got money on
you winning this.
Thanks, love,
but I keep telling ya,
it ain't a bloody race.
No.
Of course it ain't.
See you later.
Oh, and don't
you be late.
I won't.
- Excuse me.
- Hold this, yeah?
Dom, what the fuck
is wrong with you?
Get off the man's car!
Thanks. Thank you.
You fucking idiot.
Man, how stupid are you?
Come on, man.
Bruv,
when are you
going to grow up?
How many times
have I told you?
You're supposed to be
selling this, not smoking it,
you little prick.
Where the fuck is
your ped? Huh?
That's... that's all
i could tief, innit?
You're some
dickhead, you know.
Man, this is why you
don't get no chicks.
What? Bruv, you know
i got bare girls.
Man, I got my dick
sucked last night.
What do you know?
Please.
I swear down, bruv.
She sucked me off.
She asked why I didn't
have no hair down there.
Told her I had
alopecia. Spot me.
Fucking...
Yo,
make sure you don't
get the bag this time.
Where the fuck
these freshman at?
Been waiting for this
shit all day, cuz.
My young gs.
Tonight's the night.
It's initiation time.
So, you best grab them peds
and ride 'em for real.
Wait till some cunt
flashes you up, yeah?
Then you fuck him up!
You get me?
Something wrong, Kingsley?
Seriously?
Man, why are we still
troubling them that ain't
on nothin'?
It's about trust
and loyalty, innit?
And don't be thinking
i don't need no proof,
you know.
That's why god
invented the iPhone.
Come on then!
You still don't fucking
get it, do you?
We need the young 'uns out
on the road making dough,
not getting bagged
for some dead crime.
Ain't you got somewhere
you're supposed to be?
I don't care how tough
you think you are
or what you've
done to get here
or what you do when
you're not here.
You're here to work.
Don't worry,
love. I'm on me way.
You crack on.
Excuse me?
Mate, sorry.
I'm done for the day.
Your light's on.
I only live
over the bridge.
Go on then, mate. Jump in.
Where you going?
Halsey street, please.
Excuse me?
Would you mind
giving me a hand?
What?
Hand.
You've got a pair of them
at the end of your arms.
You're supposed to be
paying back your community,
aren't you?
Okay.
There you are.
While you're here,
some mulch would
be most useful.
What's...
Mulch.
Bark mulching.
You've got a mountain
of it beside your hut.
Uh...
I'll make it
worth your while.
Look, man, I'm...
I'm done for the day.
I'm literally
about to roll out.
You look tired.
You okay?
Yeah, I'm fine.
Yeah?
Mmm.
All right, look.
I've got something that
should cheer you up.
Marrakech?
Mmm-hmm.
Imagine it,
the two of us,
we'll actually be
rocking the casabah.
Listen, Jake, I can't.
Only for two nights.
I can't just
bugger off on a whim.
I'm not a student anymore.
It's two nights.
The kids have got stuff on.
I've got work on.
And... and I've got
to think about Max.
Ugh, Max!
Max. Why's it
always about Max?
Emily, he's fucked you over.
Why can't you see that?
Don't be like that, Jake.
It's not a competition
between you two.
I really don't
need this at the moment.
It was a nice
thought, though.
Good man.
You moved quicker
than you have done
all afternoon.
Here's a thank you
for your kindness.
Oh, no, no, man. It's cool.
I don't want your money.
A good deed brightens
a dark world.
So, would you like me
to do anything else for
you while I'm here?
Two curses of
the modern world,
sarcasm and the
empty gesture.
No, you're all
done for today.
Save your next
job for tomorrow.
We pay all the taxes
and we're the bloody pariahs.
There are jobs. People
don't want to work.
You know, if it wasn't
for people like me,
this country would
be totally fucked.
Big night out, was it?
Oh, fucking hell!
What the fuck?
Love, you all right?
Love? You all right?
Oh, my god!
Oh, my god.
Darling, you okay?
Darling? Love?
You seen, mate.
She just stepped
out in front of me.
I... have you got a
phone? Ring an ambulance.
Anyone know first aid?
I... I don't know what to do.
I don't know
what to do.
Can you hear me?
What you
are doing here today by
giving up your time
and raising
sponsorship money
will make a lot
of children's lives
so much better.
So, thank you so
much for doing this.
I hope you have
a great day.
And off you go,
on the three.
One, two, three!
I was sitting in
the back seat...
Where the hell
are you? I did it.
Now, get your slippery, fat
ass here and take me home.
Well, we might as well
have a quick drink first.
Hey, we did it, yeah!
Kingsley. I went by
the graveyard, fam.
Boss man said you'd
left, though, innit.
How's it picking up
them weeds, though, fam?
Must be long still.
Oi, you tell Jules yet?
Nah, man, that's
my business.
That don't affect
big man's business.
Yeah, I know, but
he's mad para, innit?
About feds and snitching,
fam. Need to fix up...
Why the fuck you
always setting shit?
Jules knows I'm the one
that brings in the piece.
You're just the muscle.
Some innie knucklehead.
And to think you used
to be someone to me, man.
You know, there's more
to life than the blocks
and messing with
the youngers.
Hey...
You're embarrassing me!
All right, granddad?
No, no...
Mom!
Just give me your keys.
What?
Mom, what you being
like this for?
Mom!
I found it.
Give me your keys.
Hey, mom, mom,
calm down.
Let me explain.
Keys, now!
Wait, listen to me, mom.
Mom!
Mom.
Fuck.
All right, thank you.
Thank you, gentlemen.
And here, oh, listen,
yeah... here, look...
I will... I will sort
you out, all right?
Here's my business card.
I will make
sure... oh...
Let's get rid of that. Uh...
Look, but no.
Tickets, eh?
You know I'll
sort you out.
So, there you go.
Thank you.
Max, you were a legend,
mate. Sort yourself out.
Yeah, well...
I can't be a legend
because I'm not dead yet.
Go on.
Go to bed.
Ooh!
Hiya.
Hey. It's me.
Oh, fuck.
What's going on?
Um... I gotta
go, all right?
I'll call you later.
Shit.
Was this your pops?
Oh, no, no.
No, it was an old friend.
You could call
him my mentor.
There's nothing
I'm doing right now
that I'd even want to
put on there, you know.
Well, keep in mind that
all our lives amount to
is that little dash
on your headstone
between the date of your
birth and your death.
That stands for everything
we ever were.
Well, that was a full-blooded
40 minutes, wasn't it?
Max, as a former
international captain,
you must have
just loved it.
I thought that the...
Very entertaining
first half, you know?
The, um...
Both packs...
Uh, dominant.
And, um... oh...
Okay,
we'll come back to
you in just a sec.
Kyran, what were
your thoughts?
Yeah, it was
very entertaining.
The first minute, the try...
Probably the quickest try
in international rugby
we've ever seen.
So as Max has said,
just got to make sure that
we keep the tempers down.
I think the referee's
doing a good job.
The yellow card
is probably
the right thing
to keep it calm.
Huge audience
watching. It's not just...
Yeah.
What the fuck you doing, Max?
You need to take a good look
in the mirror, seriously.
Do you know how many people
were watching this?
Millions,
that's how many.
Jerome. Mate, listen...
No, just go home and
call me when you're
compos mentis, okay?
It ain't
some big conspiracy,
and it ain't no cover-up.
Shit just happens,
and you just
gotta accept that.
They say everyone's equal
in the eyes of the law,
but that don't mean the law
treats everyone equally.
Injustice, natural disasters,
9/11, the war on terror.
Shit just happens, man.
Yeah, I... I mean,
like, it's not a poem
or a rap or anything.
It's... I just got some
shit to say, you know?
Well, whatever it is,
it's spoken like
a true professional.
Yeah, well,
I've been writing.
Them headphones are hard,
you know?
Better than mine,
at least.
Well...
What are you listening to?
Here you are.
Hey, what?
Nina Simone, yeah?
All right.
This is my mom's
kind of shit, you know.
"Please don't
let be misunderstood."
Written for her in 1964.
I was 10.
I say what you need
is a room of one's own,
somewhere to write,
somewhere where you
can be inspired.
I think it's high time
you joined me on the beach.
Hey, it's me.
Um, I just called
to check you're okay
and say sorry
I was a bit harsh
the other night.
Oh, yeah, and Evie
wanted to say hi.
- Go on.
- Hi, daddy.
Where are you?
I miss you, daddy.
And Leo's being
a real pain.
He took one of my hair clips
and put it in the bin.
And now I can't find it,
and he won't help me
look for it.
Okay, Evie,
that's enough.
Call us back
when you can, okay?
Hey, who's that?
Say, granddad,
you look like
you trying to get to
home or something?
Listen, you got the time?
Uh, no.
Come on, you must have
a cigarette for me
or something
or I can get a split.
Or a chip.
Listen, pops.
My guy.
Don't worry,
we're not going to,
like, steal your shit.
Just being, um, friendly.
Sorry, I didn't get that.
Oh, he's taking the piss.
Friendly. Anyways,
what you listening to?
Let me check these out.
No. I don't think so.
Oh, hey, man's got
a new iPod n'at.
Man's up to date
with his shit.
Up to date.
Say, we give this guy
a dre beats or what?
Yeah, fuck it.
Come on.
Trying to diss me, pops?
- Yeah?
- Let him go!
Yeah, eff him up.
What are
you doing? Stop!
Fuck him up.
Fucking dissing me, pops?
Stop him! Stop!
Let it go, bruv.
Let it go.
Why'd you stop recording?
Daniel'll be proud.
Fuck that, man! Beat!
We gotta go, bruv!
Fuck this old fuck.
- I won!
- My turn.
There you are.
Bells, bells,
could you just take
that in for one sec?
- I'll be a minute.
- Hey.
What are you doing?
I'm sorry.
You've not been
taking my calls.
Yeah, I've been busy.
You can't just turn up here
without a warning.
I know. I know. I know.
You know that.
But I just put
together some photos,
old-school style,
and I thought
you might like it.
That's really sweet, Jake.
I've just got too much
to think about right now.
Yeah.
We've always been
so good together,
you know?
And we missed
our chance before,
and I just don't want
us to miss it again.
What's happened?
Emily, you're not
back with him.
I love you.
I think I've always
loved you, probably.
Since the first time
that I met you.
Jake, please.
Don't. Please.
I did... I warned you.
It's just too complicated.
And you know my
life's more than just
kisses and playlists.
I'm sorry.
Hey, I've been looking
all over the place for you.
You didn't say...
Hey, what the fuck?
Ah, some kids, you know.
They wanted my headphones.
It was my own fault.
It was late.
It was getting dark.
What'd they look like?
Just kids.
And... and you're not
hunting them down.
Nah, man...
That's not your
life any longer.
You've been to hospital?
No. I'm all right, honestly.
No, it's just cuts.
Bruises, you know, just...
Thirty years
in one square mile.
Not so much
as a stolen wallet.
But in the greater
scheme of things,
doesn't really
matter anyway.
"A thousand
landmarks perish
"a hundred streets
grow strange
"with all the dreams
they Cherish
"they go the ways
of change
"and whatso towers may tumble
"whatso Bridges fall
"whatso statues crumble
"of folk both
great and small
"the oldest thing
in London
"he changes not at all."
I wasn't sure if
i was going to see you
until your next
misdemeanor.
So I've been...
Carrying this around.
There's a phone number.
Call that person and
tell them I sent you.
Thanks.
And breathe, remember.
Yeah.
Hey, go get yourself
checked out, okay?
Breathe from deep within.
All right.
See you later, yeah?
What's this then, bruv?
Move, man.
Was that a
love letter, fam?
My business.
Your business
is my business, cuz.
Big man Jules wants
to see you anyways.
What?
Why's he telling you?
What you been saying?
Nothin', fam.
I'm just a knucklehead.
Remember that.
Best go see him, though.
Okay,
then, Kingsley,
what monologue are you
going to do for us today?
It's called the bush.
It's... it's from
the Australian film
animal kingdom,
but I kind of made up
my own version,
if that's
all right, I mean...
Yeah!
Sounds perfect.
Okay.
You know what the
blocks are about?
It's about dirty towers
that have stood firm
for two generations,
and kids who'll die
before they grow old.
Grim towers
and hopeless kids.
And everybody knows
their place in the
scheme of things.
Everything, everyone, sits
in the order of the blocks.
Now, some survive
'cause they're strong,
and there are those
who are weak,
but they survive
'cause they're being
protected by the strong.
See, because of the
circles I move in,
I thought I was
one of the strong ones.
But I'm not.
I'm one of the weak ones.
And the only reason
I've survived
is 'cause I'm being
protected by the strong.
Run like Kingsley.
Long time, brother.
Yeah, man. We saying
you good, yeah?
Mmm.
Sit down then.
We've been hearing you got
some issues and you want out.
All of a sudden
you're better than us?
Yo, no, man, come on,
it's not even like that...
- So, what is it like then?
- Yo.
Give the man
a minute, Vincent.
He just got here.
But they're
not strong anymore,
and they can't
protect me now.
But in life,
you always have an out.
The thing is,
the less you have,
the higher the price
you have to pay.
A boss needs to
keep control, yeah?
And if you lose respect,
that's a problem, innit?
Yeah.
Bad for business.
Now, I know you got
yourself pinched,
but I also know
that your boy Daniel
has been talking
to the police.
And so what do you say?
Am I dealing with,
like, a little coup
from within here?
No, no, no.
No way.
Look, I've known Daniel
my entire life.
He's a lot of things,
but he ain't no snitch.
It's a fact, and
this ain't some
muggy 9:00 to 5:00
where you can just
hand in your notice.
You can try
and leave this life,
but this life
will never leave you.
Very poetic.
Thank you, Vincent.
Hey, look, I've got a soldier
who's ready to step up.
Nothing will change
for you, man.
I can vouch for him.
All right.
Got a very simple
proposition for you.
The weed on your path
to a better life
has to be gone.
You understand?
You still got
that gun I gave you?
Kind of.
Someone's looking after it
for me, innit?
Well, someone better
give you it back.
We won't meet this new man
till Daniel's gone.
Am I clear?
Am I clear on the price
i have to pay
to leave
my old life behind?
Yeah.
I am.
Crystal clear.
So, how do you
know Terence?
Oh, we live in the same
area, so, you know.
Do you live
with your parents?
I did live with my
mom until recently.
But I kind of
moved on, still.
And my dad...
Boy, I ain't seen
that guy in time.
That man got a new family.
I guess he moved on as well.
I'm sorry to hear that.
I didn't mean to pry.
Nah, nah, it's cool.
It's no biggie.
Yeah, anyway,
i better get going.
I'll see you tomorrow.
Final audition.
Oh, yeah. Yeah, all right.
Cool, all right.
See you tomorrow.
There he is!
There's daddy.
Go on.
You want to say hi?
There's my monsters!
Come here.
Come here, you two.
I've missed you
so much, so much.
- You going to go play, yeah?
- Yeah.
You're early for once.
Yeah, I've been running.
Like the old days.
You look different.
Do I?
Mmm.
No, I'm just me.
It's good that you're
straightening yourself out.
I heard about
the nosebleed.
Do you mind if we get
a photo, Max?
Uh... no, not today, mate.
I'm just with the family,
okay, yeah?
Cheers.
No worries.
No, I just want
to concentrate on
being a good dad.
Come and play, daddy!
All right then.
Oh, man.
Here I come!
For Chris and Samantha,
having a large garden is top
of their list of priorities.
With three growing boys
and one more on the way,
space to run around
is essential.
The first property I've found
ticks all of those boxes.
A little too far
out of town.
So, guys,
what do you think?
Oh,
it's absolutely gorgeous.
Oh, it's so lovely...
Come on, George,
you've been sat in that
chair all day again.
And you ain't touched
the lunch I left.
Right, we need to
get you out of here.
You've got five minutes,
you best pull
yourself together.
I mean it, George.
Five minutes.
You remember
what happened here
nearly 20 years ago?
Yeah.
Course I do.
You got down on one knee
and promised me the world.
And you delivered.
Maybe not the big house
full of kids.
But you told me
you'd be my rock forever.
And you have, George.
Really, you have.
But I've made my decision.
We can't bring
a kid into all this.
We can't do it right now.
We may never be able to.
I know what I'm saying, and...
And I'm all right with it.
Sweetheart, you know...
No, just let me finish.
You know
I've always wanted a kid,
and as much as it's hurt
over the years...
With me mum going on
and all my friends having 'em.
If I'm given a choice
of getting my husband back,
or getting a new baby,
I'd pick you
every time.
I just want my rock back.
It was an accident, love,
plain and simple.
I know.
Sorry to keep you
waiting so long.
That's all right.
Um... I've got bad news,
I'm afraid.
Terence died this morning.
What do you mean
he's dead? He...
No, he can't be,
i saw him just...
I'm so sorry.
How?
Is this from when
he was robbed?
He had internal bleeding,
so he didn't know, and...
I kept telling him to go
to hospital, but he just...
He said he was fine, man!
Fuck!
Fine!
Yo, kings!
I was looking for
you everywhere.
You okay, yeah?
Yeah, man.
Just had a bit of
bad news, that's all.
What, Jules?
Nah, nah, nah, just some
shit in my other world.
He wants to meet, though.
Yeah?
Mmm-hmm.
What, you sure
he's gonna trust me?
Yeah, man,
don't watch that.
He knows you've been
my boy for time.
Nice.
You're gonna be
on your own now, though.
You sure you're gonna
be cool with that?
Yeah, man, I've been
on my own for time.
No more looking
in the rearview.
Your man's got
a future on you now.
What about Daniel?
Yeah, I've still got
to take care of that, man.
Man should've knows
who he's dealing with!
Oh, shit, what brings you
round these days, cuz?
I thought
you got chucked out.
Yo, Jules wants you gone,
fam. He don't trust you.
He thinks you're
working with the feds.
What you been
smoking, cuz?
Yo, this ain't
no joke, tin man.
He knows you ain't
been nicked.
You need to leave
the ends now.
I can't just leave
like that, cuz.
You okay, d?
Yo, fuck off, little man.
Where the fuck you
get these from, bruv?
Ooh, these are mine.
What?
Let me
check these out.
No, I don't think so.
Get the fuck off, man!
You nearly fucking
killed our boy, cuz!
That ain't our boy!
And we ain't
on nuttin' no more!
What the fuck
you talking about, fam?
Watch too many movies
or something, cuz?
You see what these
little cunts do to
impress you?
I ain't their boss, fam!
Seriously, man,
i can't have you
fucking with my future.
Hello!
Anybody home?
No?
Just as I planned it.
Where do you keep
your vases?
Ah-ha. Beautiful.
Mmm.
Fuck!
Come on.
Pick up the phone.
Can we buy daddy
a present?
Yes, we can, Evie,
but we've got to be quick
because we've got to get back.
Shall we call daddy?
See if he's at home?
Yeah.
Then we'll know
what he wants.
Oh, shit,
the battery's dead.
What did I tell you, Leo?
If you play those games,
the battery's going to die.
Yeah, you've got
to listen to mommy.
Fucking slag.
You fucking slag.
Oh, uh, hello, is that Simon?
Yeah, it's...
It's George radford.
The cab driver.
I tried to
call before, yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, you know.
Listen, I... I know
it might be too soon,
but I was wondering
if maybe we could meet up?
I won't take up much
of your time,
and I totally understand
if it's not something
you want to do.
What, today?
Yeah, are you sure?
All right, great.
All right, Simon, thank you.
I'll... I'll see you there.
Ta.
Yeah, if it was you,
I'd want to meet the
geezer that done it.
Right, what shall
we get daddy then?
Some headphones because
i remember breaking them.
Did you break them?
Well, let's see.
I don't know where they are.
Look, mommy,
our house is on TV.
I'm not so sure, Leo.
Okay, kids, come on.
Come on,
we're going to go now.
Come with me.
A siege is now developing
here in southwest London.
The rugby captain,
former england rugby
captain Max Moore
is armed with a shotgun...
Max, put down the gun
and pick up the phone!
That's right.
Max!
Please pick up the phone!
I ain't fucking talking
to none of you pussyholes
until I fucking
see my wife.
Fucking see my wife.
Where is she?
Where's my wife?
I want my wife!
Get my wife out here now!
We don't think that this...
Come one, you could've
shot me by now!
I'm standing right here!
Look at me!
Police
are certainly here...
What, are you afraid
to pull the trigger?
Why haven't you shot, eh?
Are you scared?
Because I'm not!
What happened, exactly?
I was on my way home.
It was the last fare
of the day.
I had this fella in the back.
I almost didn't pick him up.
He was going on and on.
Then this woman just...
She just pulled out
in front of me.
She didn't even look.
So, I swerved
to avoid her.
And, uh...
And that's when
i hit your wife.
Tell me one thing.
Was she smiling?
What?
Ruth, when it happened,
was she smiling?
Sorry, I don't understand
what you mean.
When she crossed
the road...
Did she look happy?
Yeah.
Yeah, she looked
very happy.
Actually, just walking
past me now is Emily.
Emily, you're live on sky.
Do you think we might have
a very quick word with you?
That's my house, that's my...
That's my husband!
I need to talk to him!
I need to talk to him.
Please put down the gun
and pick up the phone!
Move back now!
Look, hey,
I'm not fucking speaking...
Hi, Max, it's Emily.
Max, what's going on?
Why the fuck
have you got a gun?
Where the fuck have
you been all day?
You fucking betrayed me.
And if I want
to fucking talk to you,
but you just
fucking betray me,
is that what's going on?
I don't understand.
Who... who are you mad at?
Who the fuck am I mad at?
You fucking fucked
that little prick!
Why did you
have to fucking do
all of that shit?
It's gonna end today,
darling.
It's gonna end you, me,
and that little prick!
Bring him up here!
Bring him out!
Why did you have
to fucking run away
with college boy, yeah?
Because I'm not
a fucking romantic man?
Mr. fucking romantic!
Mr. fucking college boy?
I'm not him?
I fucking work hard!
I live in the
fucking real world
where you have
to fucking work.
And I work and I fucking pay,
and I fucking sacrifice!
All right, you're fucking...
Now you're pregnant
with this stupid cunt.
You're pregnant!
Why didn't you fucking
just tell me that?
Hi, Kath.
Don't know where you got to.
I've been trying to
call you all day.
Uh, anyway, I did it.
I'm back in the cab.
Same old chaos out here.
Bell me when you
get this, though,
yeah?
Let me know
you're all right.
See you later. Bye.
What the fuck?
Look, I didn't know
what I wanted then,
and I was getting
myself back together,
and then you going off
doing the "poor old me" thing.
Oh, that's right, blame me!
It's my fault, isn't it?
What are you fucking saying?
It's all my fault?
You wouldn't have gotten
pregnant by that fucking...
It's yours, Max.
Trust me. I didn't
take any risks.
It can only be yours.
I told you to be gone, man.
Time moves on,
and you ain't nothing
but a dumb relic now.
Vincent told me
if I don't get rid of you,
then we're both done.
Go on, fucking do it, then!
Go on! Do it!
You have to end this now.
You have to make a decision.
What do you really,
really want?
What's important to you?
You're not even
gonna do it, are you?
He's a fucking pussy, yo!
Hey, step
aside, kings.
Oh, shit.
Think about your children.
Think about Leo and Evie.
They need you.
They need their dad.
Max, talk to me.
Put down the gun!
All right.
Yeah.
I give up. All right.
Put down the gun!
I'm putting it down,
all right?
I'm putting it down.
I'm putting it down. Look.
All right, there it is.
Put your hands up!
I'm a fucking idiot.
Put your hands
on your head!
Suspect has given himself up.
Kathy?
Kathy, love?
Hello, Leon.
Where's mom?
Kathy?
Kath!
Here you go, mate.
Here's your drink.
Cheers, man.
Surprise!
Happy anniversary, babe!
Come here, silly bollocks.
If we get a kid,
he's gonna play rugby.
A game for gentleman,
not hooligans.
Oh, I've got
something for you.
Yeah?
What's this?
A future, mom says.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org